root: expose CONN_MAX_AGE, CONN_HEALTH_CHECKS and DISABLE_SERVER_SIDE_CURSORS for PostgreSQL config (#10159)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/installation/configuration.mdx

-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__USER`: Database user
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__PORT`: Database port, defaults to 5432
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__PASSWORD`: Database password, defaults to the environment variable `POSTGRES_PASSWORD`
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__SSLMODE`: Strictness of ssl verification. Defaults to `"verify-ca"`
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__SSLROOTCERT`: CA root for server ssl verification
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__SSLCERT`: Path to x509 client certificate to authenticate to server
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__SSLKEY`: Path to private key of `SSLCERT` certificate

> -   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__CONN_MAX_AGE`: Database connection lifetime. Defaults to `null` (unlimited persistent connections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__CONN_MAX_AGE`: Database connection lifetime. Defaults to `0` (no persistent connections). Can be set to `none` for unlimited persistent connections.
```

> -   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__CONN_MAX_AGE`: Database connection lifetime. Defaults to `0` (no persistent connections). Can be set to `"none"` for unlimited persistent connections.

Reviewer: I'm not a huge fan of having a custom value to represent `null`, especially since YAML `null` is valid. But I don't have any specific idea on how to do this anyway.

-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__DISABLE_SERVER_SIDE_CURSORS`: Disable server side cursors when set to `true`. Defaults to `false`.

> All PostgreSQL settings support hot-reloading. Adding and removing read replicas doesn't support hot-reloading.

Reviewer: This is actually false, we only support `host`, `port`, `user` and `password` for hot-reloading (see `authentik/root/db/base.py`). You can either update the documentation or the code, as you want.

Author: True, I've missed this. Thanks for pointing it out. Will update docs as it seems like the least impact, but personally wouldn't be against making all hot-reloadable.

> The PostgreSQL settings `HOST`, `PORT`, `USER`, and `PASSWORD` support hot-reloading. Adding and removing read replicas doesn't support hot-reloading.

Author: This should be more accurate than before, as it's only these four settings that support hot-reloading.

-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__READ_REPLICAS__0__SSLROOTCERT`
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__READ_REPLICAS__0__SSLCERT`
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__READ_REPLICAS__0__SSLKEY`
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__READ_REPLICAS__0__CONN_MAX_AGE`
-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__READ_REPLICAS__0__DISABLE_SERVER_SIDE_CURSORS`

### Using a PostgreSQL connection pooler (PgBouncer or PgPool)

> When your PostgreSQL database/s are running behind a connection pooler, like PgBouncer or PgPool, two settings may need to be overridden:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your PostgreSQL database/s are running behind a connection pooler, like PgBouncer or PgPool, two settings need to be overridden:
```

-   `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__CONN_MAX_AGE`

>     A connection pooler running in session pool mode (PgBouncer default) can be incompatible with unlimited persistent connections enabled by leaving this setting in its default value (`null`): If the connection from the connection pooler to the database server is dropped, the connection pooler will wait for the client to disconnect before releasing the connection; however this will **never** happen as authentik is configured to keep the connection to the connection pooler forever.

Reviewer: This needs changing as well, since the default will be `0`.
